psalm 66 to the chief musician a song
psalm 66 to the chief musician a song Essam make a joyful shout to God all the
Essam make a joyful shout to God all the
Essam make a joyful shout to God all the earth sing out the honor of his name
earth sing out the honor of his name
earth sing out the honor of his name make his praise glorious say to God how
make his praise glorious say to God how
make his praise glorious say to God how awesome are your works through the
awesome are your works through the
awesome are your works through the greatness of your power your enemies
greatness of your power your enemies
greatness of your power your enemies shall submit themselves to you all the
shall submit themselves to you all the
shall submit themselves to you all the earth shall worship you and sing praises
earth shall worship you and sing praises
earth shall worship you and sing praises to you they shall sing praises to your
to you they shall sing praises to your
to you they shall sing praises to your name come and see the works of God he is
name come and see the works of God he is
name come and see the works of God he is awesome in his doing toward the sons of
awesome in his doing toward the sons of
awesome in his doing toward the sons of men
men
men he turned the sea into dry land they
he turned the sea into dry land they
he turned the sea into dry land they went through the river on foot there we
went through the river on foot there we
went through the river on foot there we will rejoice in him he rules by his
will rejoice in him he rules by his
will rejoice in him he rules by his power forever his eyes observe the
power forever his eyes observe the
power forever his eyes observe the nation's do not let the rebellious exalt
nation's do not let the rebellious exalt
nation's do not let the rebellious exalt themselves Oh bless our God you people
themselves Oh bless our God you people
themselves Oh bless our God you people and make the voice of his praise to be
and make the voice of his praise to be
and make the voice of his praise to be heard who keeps our soul among the
heard who keeps our soul among the
heard who keeps our soul among the living and does not allow our feet to be
living and does not allow our feet to be
living and does not allow our feet to be moved for you O God have tested us you
moved for you O God have tested us you
moved for you O God have tested us you have refined us as silver is refined
have refined us as silver is refined
have refined us as silver is refined you brought us into the net you laid
you brought us into the net you laid
you brought us into the net you laid affliction on our backs you have caused
affliction on our backs you have caused
affliction on our backs you have caused men to ride over our heads we went
men to ride over our heads we went
men to ride over our heads we went through fire and through water but you
through fire and through water but you
through fire and through water but you brought us out to rich fulfillment I
brought us out to rich fulfillment I
brought us out to rich fulfillment I will go into your house with burnt
will go into your house with burnt
will go into your house with burnt offerings I will pay you my vows which
offerings I will pay you my vows which
offerings I will pay you my vows which my lips have uttered and my mouth has
my lips have uttered and my mouth has
my lips have uttered and my mouth has spoken when I was in trouble I will
spoken when I was in trouble I will
spoken when I was in trouble I will offer you burnt sacrifices of fat
offer you burnt sacrifices of fat
offer you burnt sacrifices of fat animals with the sweet aroma of rams I
animals with the sweet aroma of rams I
animals with the sweet aroma of rams I will offer Bulls with goats come and
will offer Bulls with goats come and
will offer Bulls with goats come and hear all you who fear God and I will
hear all you who fear God and I will
hear all you who fear God and I will declare what he has done for my soul I
declare what he has done for my soul I
declare what he has done for my soul I cried to him with my mouth and he was
cried to him with my mouth and he was
cried to him with my mouth and he was extolled with my tongue if I regard
extolled with my tongue if I regard
extolled with my tongue if I regard iniquity in my heart the Lord will not
iniquity in my heart the Lord will not
iniquity in my heart the Lord will not fear but certainly God has heard me he
fear but certainly God has heard me he
fear but certainly God has heard me he has attended to the voice of my prayer
has attended to the voice of my prayer
has attended to the voice of my prayer blessed be God who has not turned away
blessed be God who has not turned away
blessed be God who has not turned away my prayer nor his mercy from me